hey guys john b here I just wanted you
know that I'm back at and I'm making
videos it's been a couple months now
since I'd actually been an upload
besides the one that I did last night
had a few glitches here and there I
think I posted the video three times
delete it all but all but one of them so
the one that's up right now is the
official video it's not too great but I
want to put it out there I want to put
first content out there been really busy
I've actually been in Florida for two
weeks and had graduation before that and
I was up in Wisconsin for a couple days
and I decided to do a couple videos when
I wanted to go with a mask on so the Sam
Dyson Alex Eric Alex Burke you may know
from Athabascan he's making a video as
well from his excursion but we were to
something having a great time catching
smallmouth doing a lot of fishing and
she got him to some walleye to brought
some home here's a picture I hear the
walleye but you know we had a lot of fun
we caught a lot of fish and it was great
to get out there and finally start
fishing it was like the first time
actually to set him down and fished for
more than four hours I've even really
got the chance to fish very much this
summer but I'm pretty much free and I'm
gonna start doing a lot of fishing on my
hole of fuel bats in the ponds
tournaments here and there and I'm
really trying to focus on doing a little
tournament fishing fishing the river
that's by my house now and just trying
to change it up a little bit so if
there's anything that you guys want to
see in particular as far as video
content do you guys want to see creative
stuff do you want to see informational
stuff reviews on lures tackle whatever
it may be just comment below let me know
the best way to reach me is comment on
my videos I try you know the whole
YouTube layout just still baffles me
I've been on YouTube for about five
years and I've been uploading videos for
five years and I must say this is
probably most confusing outline yet not
saying that I don't like it but it's
confusing so if you want to get you know
across to me asking me questions comment
in the videos they might read some video
or something like that and let me know
so let me know what you guys want to see
I want to know from you guys cuz I'm
willing to make anything it's I make
these videos so I can capture my moments
and share with you and kind of bring the
the outdoor experience to you guys at
home if you know if it's a rainy day you
guys can't fish you guys can watch some
of these videos if you learn a thing or
two or just kind of feel like you're
there and
on the experience so let me know what
you guys think I'm so happy to be back
in uploading videos I've got this guy
right here which I'm going to be editing
all my videos got a terabyte on here so
expect a lot of content here than your
future so thanks for watching and part
two of the northern Wisconsin small the
largemouth fishing should be up by
tonight or tomorrow so stay tuned for
that thanks for watching and I
appreciate your viewership and good
fishing to all of you